In the previous lesson we've created answers component
and implemented vue js list rendering to loop all answers.
Now I think it's not ideal to show all answers on the first load.
That's why in this lesson we need to limit
the answers that will be displayed.
So there will be a number of answers displayed initially
and we will provide a button below that. Once
user hit the button a number of
answers will be added on the page.
All right as always
Let's open up our terminal and create new branch by saying
git checkout
-b lesson-37
OK
Firstly let's open
answers dot vue
and right underneath answer component let's add a div
I'm going to make it center so here I
can utilize bootstrap class text center
and I want to add bootstrap margin top three
inside here let's
add a button the class will be btn btn outline secondary
and a text will be "load more answers"
All right
let's save this
actually I need to run web back.
So npm run
watch
OK here we have a button
As I said we will not display entire answers on the first load.
We will limit only a number of answers displayed
And once this load more answer button hit
a number of other answers will be added.
Next up we need to split the query
For getting the question detail and getting all
related answers into two distinct queries.
So the first one will be used to find the question
object and the second one will be used to fetch all
answers based on question id
that being sent. When the load more answer button hit
we'll make use the same request or same query as
the second one.
So let's switch back over to our editor
and then open route service provider.
Here we have a query to find the question
and it's eager loaded to answers dot use and user.
Now here we only need to find the question instance
so let's remove the `with` method from here.
Next let's open up questions show blade php. Here
in answers component we don't need the pass all
answers because we'll fetch them internally through ajax. Instead
here we need to specify question property
and pass in the question instance to it
Now of course we need to make a bit change in answers
component. Le'ts switch to answers component
here in props let's remove the answers
and count from array
because as I said we'll fetch all answers inside
component and then here let's add question.
So now we'll have question as input
and then let's define data method
inside here let's return an object
and then inside this object let's define question id property.
to hold question id
and then count property to hold answers
count from question instance.
And lastly let's also add answers property that will be
used to store all answers and it will empty array
by default.
Next, we need new endpoints to fetch all
answers so let's open up routes web php
then let's find answers resource
and here let's remove the index from exception list
because now we will need the answer
index route to fetch all answers.
Now we can open answers controller
and here
let's define index method
and provide an argument to represent question instance
in here we simply say turn question get all answers
and paginate them with simple paginate method.
And for now I'll enter  three or three answers
will be displyed each request.
Don't forget because when we show
answer we'll also show user info
so here we need to eager load to user modal
here I realized that I missed something I have
to make sure that all methods in this controller
except the index method needs the user to sign in
so here let's add constructor
and call middleware
except index method
let me save all changes
Now let's test our endpoint in our answers component
and here
let's utilize vue js created method.
So this method called after the instance is created and
it's generally used for fetching data from backend
API.
Here we'll call fetch method which we
will define shortly and pass in the URI
In this case questions
question Id
answers.
Now let's define methods property
and inside here let's define the fetch method.
It needs an argument to receive endpoint or request URI
and then inside this method we send ajax request
by saying axios dot get and pass in the endpoint.
And here we need to capture the ajax response.
For now let's console log the response.
let's save all changes and then switch
back over to our browser open console
reload the page
I got error url of undefined.
OK we'll fix shortly here we can see the response
object which contains some properties
and if we see the data property
It contains some properties for pagination purpose
and you'll find another data property which hold
all answers.
So from this response object we'll need to take this data
property and push everything inside to answers
array
And then we will need
next page URL to load more answers.
Note that if the next page URL is
null that's mean there are no more answers to be loaded.
OK let's fix this error.